# Reading

**下拉FIB (31%) > 拖拽FIB (18%)  > RO (8%)**

Time is reduced, now total 15-16 questions in 22~26 minutes.

## Fill In Blanks: FIB

Contributes to reading and writing. 5-6 questions, **25-30 marks**. Give 4 options to choose for every blank. 

### Skills

No skills for overnight. 

## MC: Multiple Choice

1-2 questions; Max **1 mark**. Penaut module.

### SKills

Just skip this module!!! **Don't read, select one answer and move on.** No need to waste 2 miniutes on this module.

## RP: Reorder Paragraph

2 questions. 5-6 marks max to reading. Not a priority to reading, don't worry about this module too much. Evaluation:

- Every correct pair in the orider gives 1mark.

### Skills

1. Subject --> Object --> Subject.
   - ***He***(S) eats ***apples***(O). The ***apples***(O->S) he eats are very tasty.
2. Noun -> pronoun.
   - The ***first musical keyboard*** (N) was invented over two thousand years ago. ***It*** (P) was called the hydraulis, and it was a water-powered instrument.
3. Full name -> short name.
   - ***Thomas Gregor*** was credited with this invention. ***Gregor*** was a very dedicated person in his 20s.

## RFIB: Reading Fill In the Blanks

Contributes to reading **25-30** marks. Around 5 questions.

### Skills

1. Learn to improve collocation knowledge. Such as short phases: Catch someone's attention, break the ice, hit the road, miss the bus, catch your breath....
   - The video on 70 most important collocations: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HeIgbIyJPCE
2. Don't waste time on working template.
3. Read more: newspaper, novels, articles..
4. Grammer is the key
5. Learn to fast read. Time is limited. Try to resolve it less than 2.5 minutes.

## CSA: Choose Single Answer

This is the last module in the Reading part, if you still have 2 minutes left, then you can read the questions and then the passage, and answer.

### Skills

- If you don't have time, just skip.s
